Hi!
(OPENING THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Me too. I can't believe
It's finally...
(BOTH SHOUTING EXCITEDLY)
Game night!
First one to
the toy zone entrance wins!
You're on, sis.
Hey!
(BOTH PANTING)
Whoo!
And she is first
to cross the finish line.
Oh.
I was right behind you though.
One of these days
I'm totally gonna win.
Oh, yeah?
Let's see what you got.
First to find a game
for game night wins.
You're on, sis.
Are you sure you wanna
have another
game night, tonight?
When you two compete,
it gets a little, uh...
Intense.
Are you kiddin'?
We love game night.
Winning's fun.
- Right, bro?
- Yeah.
Except. I've never won.
Hmm.
SPOOKY VOICE: I have
the perfect game for you.
A game born in the depths
of darkness.
Cursed be those who play it.
(DRAMATICALLY) It's called,
Spooky Game.
(MAKING SPOOKY NOISES)
Wow. How much?
The price is free.
But the cost is beyond
your mortal reckoning.
It's free?
Free to take.
But a curse upon your soul.
But, free?
(STAMMERS) Yes.
- Free but...
- Wow.
Free game. What a bargain.
Okay, thanks, bye.
(LAUGH EVILLY)
Let's crack this baby open.
(SCREAMING)
(GHOSTS GIGGLING)
I'm the score creeper.
Turn back if you're scared.
May the best player win
Spooky Game.
If you dare.
BOTH: Whoa.
(EXCITEDLY) This is gonna be
the best game night ever!
I'm gonna win Spooky Game,
so hard.
Nuh-uh.
Bring it on, little bro.
BOTH: What? What? What?
Oh, boy, here we go again.
I'm gonna get some snacks.
Let me know when they're done.
BOTH: What? What?
So, are we playing or what?
Let's play, let's play,
let's play.
Let's play!
I don't know. If it's gonna be
another Unikitty versus
Puppycorn shut out...
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
Please, can we play?
We promise we won't get
super competitive.
This will be a nice friendly
game together, just for fun.
Right, bro?
I guess just one game
couldn't hurt.
Whoo-hoo! Let's play.
(ALL SCREAMING)
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
Where'd everybody go?
(SCREAMING)
Whoa!
Where are we?
(WOLF HOWLS)
SPOOKY VOICE: You have now
entered the Spooky Game.
Win or lose.
You'll never be the same.
(ALL GASPING)
The ultimate test of skills
and chills
where the only way out
is to win.
- Cool.
- We're inside a game?
Wow, you guys are super
into this.
Even after the creepy warning.
Okay, then. (CLEARS THROAT)
(DRAMATICALLY) Moving on.
Make it to the end of the path
to victory.
But only one can win the game.
Don't fall behind
or you'll lose
in more ways than one.
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
Got a real bad feeling
about this.
Agreed. There's clearly
something very wrong
with this board game.
(SHRIEKS)
Big skull with legs.
Whoo. I'm gonna win this baby.
Uh-uh! We'll see about that.
Wait.
You two still wanna play?
He said,
all we gotta do is win, right?
(SHOUTING) Let's win!
Yeah. Game night, game night!
(BOTH SIGHING)
SPOOKY VOICE:
If you wish to continue,
there's no doors or rooms.
To advance, make it through
the Corn Maze of Doom.
But I wouldn't come in last
if I were you.
(WHISPERS) So spooky.
Cool, I love corn.
Good luck, little bro.
(SMOOCHING)
See ya on the other side.
Not if I get there first.
(DOOR SLAMS)
I suspect that spooky guy's
up to something.
But what?
I'm not gonna wait around
to find out.
You flank left.
I'll flank right.
Huh, that's very strange.
MYSTERIOUS VOICE:
Don't play. Don't play.
Hello?
Ah! Face on corn.
I thought it was just a game.
Try and keep up, little bro.
Hey, flying is cheating.
(GRUNTS)
I don't need to fly
to beat you!
Oh, yeah?
We'll see about that.
(SCREAMS)
- I'm first!
- No, me!
Whoa. Hey, wait up!
(PANTING)
(GROWLING)
(SCREAMS)
(PANTING)
Congrats to you.
First to escape the maze.
Puppycorn.
Whoa, me? Really?
Whoo-hoo!
Looks like your little brother
might actually beat you,
this time.
And the plot thickens.
(LAUGHS EVILLY)
That's great, Puppycorn.
I'm not mad at all.
So happy for you.
(MUMBLING VICTORIOUSLY)
Hey, where's Dr. Fox?
Well, the game isn't over yet.
You bet your butt it's not.
Bring it on, little bro!
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
(PANTING) I need to warn
the others.
(YELPS)
Winners never lose.
Losers always weep.
You got lost and came in last.
Now time for me to reap!
(SCREAMS)
I'm corn!
Three, two, one.
Welcome. This creepy carnival
will test, which of you...
UNIKITTY: Yeah, yeah,
we get it. Come on, dude.
Hurry up and tell us
what to do.
Oh, don't even need the spooky
rhymes anymore.
All those hours of practice
wasted. Fine!
Play those carnival games,
get the most tickets before
the time's up.
(BUZZING)
(SCREAMS)
(PANTING)
I'm on to you.
There's something weird
goin' on and I'm gonna
find out what.
Then punching time.
Sure, man, dude.
Whatever you want.
But I'd play some
carnival games if I were you.
PUPPYCORN: Uh, swish.
Looks like there's
a new champ in town.
I got five tickets.
(SCREAMS)
(LAUGHS) I got 45.
Oh, no.
That's like four more than me.
There's a deeper game here.
What are you
plotting, creeper?
(GROWLING)
Yes!
Ooh. Looks like Unikitty's
regained the lead.
Sorry, bro. You gotta have
the right touch, like this.
See?
I'm not out yet.
MYSTERIOUS VOICE:
It was just a game.
Until I lost.
Gotta warn the others.
Game over.
I'm taking you down.
Huh?
(BUZZER SOUNDING)
Oh, sorry, Hawkodile,
Time's up.
And how many tickets
do you have?
Zero?
Ouch, you're in last place.
Didn't even try.
You've hit a new low.
But we've got a nice place
for you.
In the freak show.
(GRUNTING)
(LAUGHING)
It's my turn.
But I need more tickets.
Time's up. Man you guys really
went crazy in there.
The pup has 542 tickets.
Unikitty, 543.
- Aw.
- Yes!
Ooh, sister beats brother.
How delicious.
It's anyone's game as we near
the finish line.
Remember, only one can win.
Ooh...
Cool, and I'm gonna win.
Right Haw...
Wait. Where's Hawko...
First place winner,
coming through.
Hey!
(GROWLS)
The game ends at the top
of the spooky tower.
Just ring the bell and...
Ha-ha!
See you at the finish line,
little bro.
You'll see my butt
'cause I'll be there first.
Yeah, right.
Come on, sis.
I never win game night.
And I never lose.
Boo! I'm a spooky skele...
Comin' through.
(PANTING)
Ooh, she's in the lead.
You gonna take that from her?
Careful. He's gaining on you.
(PANTING)
(IN SLOW MOTION) No!
I did it.
I made it to the end.
Yes. Now ring that bell
and you will be the winner
of Spooky Game.
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
Leave all those
loser friends
behind in the dust.
(LAUGHING)
Losers?
Ha, what are you waiting for?
My friends aren't losers.
Go ahead, sis. (SNIFFLES)
I guess I am a loser...
Again.
Oh, no, little bro.
Why are we fighting?
This isn't fun at all anymore.
What are you doing?
Isn't this exactly
what you wanted?
To be a winner.
That means everyone
else loses.
Forever!
What's this? A victory hug?
No, little bro. Our friends
were right, all along.
We do get too competitive.
Mostly me.
But we forgot games are about
having fun with each other.
How about we win
this one together?
Really?
No! That's not how this works!
The game can only have
one winner.
I finally get to win.
With you, sis.
Stop, you dummies.
You're breaking the game.
Someone must lose.
-Well, we're
both winning. Yeah.
-So...
So, you mean, I'm the loser?
(BELL DONGS)
(SCREAMING) No, why?
Princess, what happened?
We won. Whoo-hoo!
And so did friendship.
And we learned our lesson.
We're not gonna get
competitive anymore.
No, I mean.
Why are you so
Oopsie.
Corrected & Synced by Bakugan
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org